gh-119400:  make_ssl_certs: update reference test data automatically, pass in expiration dates as parameters #119400 (#119401)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2024-05-22-13-18-02.gh-issue-119400.WEt83v.rst

> make_ssl_certs: update reference test data automatically, do not hardcode expiration dates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``make_ssl_certs``, the script that prepares certificate data for the
test suite, now allows specifying expiration dates.
```
